What is Ana Arias recognized for?
Who organized the AI lecture series?
Where did these EECS students graduate?
Who received Google Research Scholar Awards?
Who co-authored the #2 Top 2018 paper?
Where is the EECS department located?
Where did the project begin?
What is the year of the Technical Reports?
Who won the 2019 IEEE Alexander Graham Bell Medal?
Who wrote From Range Images to 3D Models?
Where is the Piezo MEMS Design Challenge hosted?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who is the head of the AI+D faculty?
Who wrote 'Bounds on Backtrack Algorithms'?
Who is Elad Alon's email address?
Where did Tim Roughgarden do his postdoc?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What department is this dissertation from?
Who wrote 'Algorithms for Robust Linear Models'?
Where was the INFORMS Annual Meeting held?
Where did Gabriel Loh receive his PhD?
Who to contact for accommodations?
What department is involved?
Who led the project on optically transferring data?
What is the department abbreviation?
Who wrote 'Design, Modeling and Control of the Integrated Stacked Resonant Switched Capacitor DC-DC Converter'?
What department is Ci Chen affiliated with?
Who started AI@The House?
What department is Laura Waller from?
Who is the subject of a Berkeley Engineering article?
What is the goal of EECS SUPERB?
Where is the EECS department located?
Who wrote an opinion piece in Wired?
Who is Yi Ma?
Where is IP EXPO Europe held?
What is the University of California?
Who advised Edwin J. Messerli?
What is the name of the department?
Where did Berkeley rank in theory?
Who teaches Data 8X?
Who is the author of many reports?
How many students received Apple Ph.D. Fellowships?
Where is Professor Sylvia Ratnasamy located?
Where are breadth courses taken?
Where is EECS Department located?
Does EECS accept applications for the Spring semester?
Where did Nima Jafarian get his degree?
What is EECS Directory about?
Who won the IEEE Jack Keil Wolf ISIT Student Paper Award?
Who won the 2021 FOCS Test of Time Award?
Who won the 2020 IEEE Marie Sklodowska-Curie Award?
Who wrote 'Speaking Truth to Power'?
What is the name of the annual research symposium?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What is the department of the author?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who is regarded as Father of the Photonic BandGap concept?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What is the department of the authors?
Who founded she256?
What is the department?
Where is EECS located?
Who won the 2020 University Research Award?
Who is a Chancellor's Professor?
What is the affiliation of Lawrence Rowe?
What's ranked #1 in US News Rankings?
Who won an Apple PhD fellowship in AI/ML?
What is the name of the award?
What is the Google Ph.D. Fellowship?
Who wrote Pbody?
Who is the CEO of the Vector Institute?
What is the name of the author?
Who was the award named after?
Where can I update my information?
Who received the IEEE-HKN Outstanding Chapter Award?
Who is the Bruce Nelson University Professor?
What is the UC Berkeley College of Engineering admission criteria?
Who is the author of 'Master's Theses & Technical Reports'?
What is the origin of BDB?
Who are the advisors?
Where is Cori supercomputer located?
What is Margaret Yau's EECS degree?
Who coordinates departmental HR/payroll matters?
Who founded Embodied Intelligence?
What are EECS graduate programs known for?
Who won Okawa Foundation Research Grants?
What is BEARS?
Who co-founded Oasis Labs?
What happened to the Spring 2020 EECS Colloquium?
Who are the 2020 ACM fellows?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who is the first Latina pilot on the US Unlimited Aerobatic Team?
What is the number of undergraduates on waitlists?
What are the names of the new EECS professors?
Who is the CEO of Digital China?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who is Prof. Emeritus of EECS?
Who won the IEEE Medal For Innovations In Healthcare Technology?
How many Nobel laureates are Fellows?
Who received the Fiat Lux Faculty Award?
Who is the CEO of the Vector Institute?
Who won the IEEE Power Electronics Prize Letter Award?
Who is named recipient of the 2017 IEEE Shannon Award?
What is an almost magical technology?
Where did Charles Giancarlo earn his M.S.?
Who won the 2022 IEEE Simon Ramo Medal?
Who runs the Berkeley Robot Learning Lab?
Who is a Carnegie Fellow?
Who is the head of Applied AI Research at NVIDIA?
Where are Berkeley EECS computer science ranked?
Who is an IEEE Fellow?
Who won the IEEE SSCS Innovative Education Award?
Where is the EECS Department located?
How many Siebel Scholars are named?
Who are the 2018 U.S. Imagine Cup Winners?
What is the ranking of EECS undergraduate programs?
Who was named OSA Fellows?
Who co-founded a process technology expert group?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What is the name of the professor in EECS?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who developed mathematical models of the body?
Who is stepping down as NanoLab director?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who are profiled in a Berkeley News article?
Who is a member of the National Academy of Engineering?
What is the author of this report?
What is the title of Natalie Tetreault's thesis?
Who won the Google Fellowship?
What is the maximum duration in the program?
Who creates computer codes for THORN?
Who won the 2019 EECS David Sakrison Memorial Prize?
Who co-founded SanDisk?
What is the EECS report series?
What is EECS-2025-190 about?
What is the minimum upper-division unit requirement?
What is the year of Solomon Joseph's thesis?
How did Berkeley CS majors change from 2009-2013?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who is the speaker at EECS Colloquium?
Who won the IEEE Founders Medal?
Who won the 2020 ACM SIGSAC Outstanding Innovation Award?
Who advised Ling-Qi Yan?
What is the department of the author?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who won the ACM SenSys Test of Time Award?
Who won the 2018 George David Birkhoff Prize?
Where do EECS Colloquium talks take place?
What department is Aisha Mushtaq part of?
Who is advisor to Amy W.-Y. Wang?
Who is the Hermann L.F. von Helmholtz Career Development Professor?
Where is EECS located?
What is Sagnik Bhattacharya's thesis title?
Who said 'What would be best...'?
Who is the first Black woman engineer...
Who is Yun S. Song?
What is the current state of EE Fall 2026 Class Schedule?
Who warns that Google is tracking you?
Who won the IEEE SSCS Innovative Education Award?
What university is the EECS Department from?
What is Berkeley EECS's Spring Recess?
Where is the EECS department located?
Who received the C.E.K. Mees Medal?
Who is the author of many technical reports?
Who was elected to the 2017 Silicon Valley Engineering Hall of Fame?
Who is Vivek Bharadwaj?
Who was awarded a $1M grant?
Where is EECS located?
Who is Trevor Darrell?
What is the name of the podcast?
What is the name of the Chancellor of UC Davis?
What is the department of these authors?
What department is Shivaram Venkataraman from?
Who is Kameshwar Poolla?
Who won the 2020 Best Paper Award at DRC?
Who is the Director of the Institute of Transportation Studies?
What department is this manual from?
What department is Hongki Kang affiliated with?
Who won the Berkeley EECS Lotfi A. Zadeh Prize?
What is the title of the thesis?
What is the mass of EECS' small-scale robots?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who is the 'Father of Fuzzy Logic'?
Who wrote 'Productive High Performance Parallel Programming'?
Who co-teaches CS C8?
Who won the NIPS Test of Time Award?
Where is Silvio Micali's PhD from?
Who collaborated on 'Tuff Pupil'?
Who won the ACM SIGSAC Test-of-Time Award?
Who won the VLDB Early Career Research Contribution Award?
Where is Michael Stonebraker?
Who won the ACM SIGGRAPH award?
What university is the EECS department located at?
Who can submit a written request?
What department publishes EECS reports?
Who advised John E. Bell?
Who received a CAREER award?
Where is the EECS department located?
Who led the research team?
Where is Hannah Joo studying?
Where is the EECS department located?
What is the power reduction achieved by the researchers?
What university is EECS Department part of?
What are the top-ranked EECS graduate programs?
Who hosts UC Berkeley's Rising Stars?
Who won the 2018 132-pound National Collegiate Boxing title?
What is the EECS department at UC Berkeley?
Who won a 2019 Textbook Excellence Award?
What is the top ranked university in the Octoverse Report?
Where does Anca Dragan work?
What is the year of Manav Rathod's thesis?
What is the department of the authors?
Where is the EECS department located?
Who is co-founder of Cortera Neurotechnologies?
Who is a pioneer in logic synthesis and formal verification?
What is the Nobel Prize of computer science?
Who wrote 'Two Multi-Terminal Communication Problems'?
Where is EECS Department located?
Who to contact for course-related logistics?
Who won the ACM SIGPLAN Doctoral Dissertation award?
What department is this?
Who won the IEEE Founders Medal?
What is the department of the author?
Who leads the technology roadmap at IBM?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What department is Austin Chen affiliated with?
What to bring to faculty advising?
Who won the 2021 Qualcomm Innovation Fellowship?
Where is the EECS Department located?
When is the M.Eng semester admitted?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What is the focus of Alishba Imran's work?
Who were the first women students and faculty?
What is one of the top 5 internship programs?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who wrote 'Towards Efficient and Robust Out-of-Distribution Deep Learning with Implicit Models'?
What is the goal of EECS WHM?
What is Nikunj Oza's PhD year?
Who is the EECS Chairs Office Manager?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What department is this report from?
Where is the EECS department located?
Who is the advisor of Richard L.-C. Sheng?
What is the report title?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who won the CRA 2021 Outstanding Undergraduate Researcher Award?
What is the year of the technical reports?
What department is the author part of?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Where is EECS Department located?
Where is the EECS Department located?
When were Sloan fellowships first awarded?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who won the 2019 AAEOY Asian American Distinguished Science and Technology Award?
Who won the 2018 SPIE Early Career Achievement Award?
What is the earliest year of technical reports?
Who is the new national ambassador for Young People's Literature?
Who won an ACM SIGSOFT Distinguished Paper Award?
What is the year of the technical reports?
Who wrote 'The Ising model on trees'?
Who wrote 'Firm Software Parallelism'?
What time is EECS Colloquium held?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who leads the RISELab?
What is Seah Kim's dissertation title?
Who is EE Prof. Charles Susskind?
Where is the EECS department located?
Where is Clark Nguyen located?
Who won the Technical Achievement Award?
Who is the founder/advisory board member of the U.C. Berkeley Women in Technology Center?
Who was awarded the Berkeley Citation?
What department is Jennifer Listgarten a professor in?
Who was selected as a finalist for ISMRM I.I. Rabi Award?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who selects EE Distinguished Alumni Award winners?
Who is the faculty member?
Who received the 2017 IEEE award?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What is the name of the department?
Where did Eric Cheng earn his degrees?
Who represents academic student employees?
Who earned a Turing award in March?
Where is Computer Science taught?
Who wrote 'Architecting for Performance Clarity'?
Who is Chair of CS Division?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Where did Joshua Hug win the Distinguished Teaching Award?
Where is Eugene Wong based?
Who won the 2022 IEEE Computer Society Women of ENIAC Computer Pioneer Award?
Who won the 2020 NCWIT Pioneer in Tech Award?
What department is the author from?
Who won the 2020 IEEE John von Neumann Medal?
When did Prof. Culler join the faculty?
Who has received the ABZ Gold Platinum Medal?
Where did Jur van den Berg get his PhD?
Who are the principal investigators?
Where did Aram Thomasian get his Ph.D.?
Who are the featured speakers at TC Sessions?
Who hosts EECS course websites?
Where is the EECS Colloquium held?
What is the name of the report?
Who received the IJCAI Research Excellence Award?
What is the name of the department?
What year are Orr Paradise and Kewen Wu expected to graduate?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who won the CRA 2021 Outstanding Undergraduate Researcher Award?
Who is advisor of Sylvia P. Ratnasamy?
Who is the director of diversity in EECS?
What is the EECS department committed to?
Who is the next Vice Chancellor for Research at Berkeley?
Who is the current U.C. Berkeley Vice Chancellor for Research?
Who won the 2021 Berkeley EECS Eugene L. Lawler Prize?
Who has been elected as a lifetime fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science?
Where is EECS department located?
Who won the 2022 IEEE Simon Ramo Medal?
Who assigns office space?
What is the purpose of undergraduate research?
Where did Daewon Ha earn his Ph.D.?
What university is EECS Department located at?
Who won the 2022 IEEE Mildred Dresselhaus Medal?
What is the minimum upper-division unit requirement?
Where is Derenzo a senior physicist?
Where is Rising Stars 2020 held?
When did Gier become an EE lecturer?
Who is a CS alumnus?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who gifted $1M to Berkeley EECS?
When was EECS celebrated in 2023?
How many winners are from UC Berkeley?
Who is the advisor of Jefim Goldberg?
Who won a 2017 Golden Goose Award?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who won the 2025 ACM SIGARCH/IEEE CS TCCA Outstanding Dissertation Award?
What is the EECS Master's degree for?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who wrote 'Congestion Control in Computer Networks'?
What is the department of the authors?
Who will lead AI4ALL at BAIR Camp?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who wrote 'Modeling Assumptions Clash with the Real World'?
When did Steven Ray McCanne graduate?
Who won the EIM Awards?
What is the Siebel Scholars program?
Who was the first woman to earn an EECS doctorate from Berkeley?
Who won the EECS teaching awards?
What is SIGNAL?
Where is the EECS department located?
What is the discipline of?
What is EECS WHM?
Who wrote CANDID?
Where did Claire Tomlin earn her PhD?
Where is the EECS Department located?
How many Sloan Research Fellows have won Nobel Prizes?
Where does Ken Goldberg work?
Where is this research from?
What is WICSE's goal?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who won the IEEE Computer Society Sydney Fernbach Award?
Who is professor emeritus of electrical engineering and computer sciences?
Who noted it's a great time to enter the workforce?
Who won the Best Paper Award at GameNets 2019?
Who is Vaishaal Shankar?
Who is the Vice Provost of Academic and Space Planning?
Who won the 2025 ACM SIGARCH/IEEE CS TCCA Outstanding Dissertation Award?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who is profiled in a Datamation article?
Where is the EECS department located?
Who gave the Regent's Lecture?
Who is the Associate Laboratory Director for Computing Sciences?
Who worked at Facebook's headquarters?
Who is collaborating with CS Prof. Ion Stoica?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What is the department of the authors?
What is the name of the department?
Who won the 2022 CRA Distinguished Service Award?
When was the EECS Wil Zeilinger Staff Excellence Award established?
How many students enroll in data science courses?
How many enrollments does EECS serve each year?
What is the author of this report?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who won a 2019 UC Berkeley award?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What is the EECS department's phone number?
Who wrote 'A deep generative model...'
Where is EECS Department located?
What year is Hellina Hailu Nigatu's Ph.D.?
When was CRA-WP established?
What is the department of EECS at UC Berkeley?
Where is the EECS department located?
Who wrote their Ph.D. in 2016?
What year did Lara Dolecek publish her dissertation?
Who is the most influential computer scientist?
Who will be the keynote speaker?
Who was appointed Director of the Jacobs Institute?
Where is EECS located?
Who is Billy Klüver?
What is the fastest-growing course in Berkeley's history?
Where is Philip Lubin a professor?
Who wrote 'Underpinnings of Political Leaning'?
Where is Allan J. Lichtenberg?
When did Arthur Gill join EECS faculty?
What is the name of the research competition?
What is Michael I. Jordan?
What course was named top 5?
What is the name of the journal where Kanté's work was published?
Who won the 2022 Okawa Research Grants?
Who is Gregory Abowd?
Where is the EECS department located?
What is the department name?
What is the number of EECS-2025-31?
How to subscribe to EECS Colloquium mailing list?
Who was the Chair of EECS?
What to do if mentor doesn't appear?
What is Sumit Gulwani's Ph.D. field?
How many EECS-affiliated centers and labs are there?
Who offers short-term counseling?
Who chose Lookahead and Backchaining?
Who won the Equity Champion Award?
What is the title of the report?
What is the name of the auditorium?
What is the earliest report listed?
What is Nilah Ioannidis' role?
What is the name of the new algorithm?
Who was Paul R. Gray's advisor?
Who won the SPIE 2016 Best Paper Award?
Who was awarded the 2017 ACM Distinguished Service Award?
What is the name of the foundation giving $1M for CS diversity?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Where is Prasad Raghavendra?
What is DARE a program for?
What ranked EE and CS programs?
Where to book rooms in Cory and Soda Halls?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who is Michael Chen's advisor?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who won Outstanding Graduate Student Peer Mentor Awards?
Who is a ferroelectric device pioneer?
What is the department's name?
What university is EECS Department located?
What year did Edmund Shanming Ye graduate?
Who advises Sambo and Horowitz?
What is Berkeley EECS ranked #1 in?
What is the department of the author?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What is EECS department involved in?
What department is this report from?
What is the title of Joy Liu's thesis?
Where is EECS Department located?
Who won the 2023 IEEE Information Theory Society Paper Award?
Who won the IEEE Andrew S. Grove Award?
What is the Young Investigator Program?
Who is the inaugural IMS Lawrence D. Brown PhD Student Award winner?
Who wrote 'Limits on Efficient Computation in the Physical World'?
Who is Eric Schmidt?
Where is the EECS Department?
Who established the Soumitra Dutta Chair in Artificial Intelligence?
What is the name of the professor?
What is Joey Davis's major at Berkeley?
What department is Jennifer Listgarten affiliated with?
Where did Chenming Hu advise Michael Orshansky?
Where is the EECS Department located?
When did Miles Lopes graduate?
When did Bob Jewett graduate from EECS?
Who advised Victor Shia?
What made SPICE available to students?
Who is Ali Hajimiri?
Who launched Oki Karaoke?
Where is the EECS Department located?
What is the name of the foundation that awarded EECS department $2M?
When was PECASE established?
Where is Manuel Blum located?
Where is the Parallel Computing Laboratory located?
Who designed the original RISC?
Who is the TSMC Distinguished Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences?
Where is EECS Department located?
What is the department name?
What is CS Prof. Ren Ng researching?
What is the SWE-SCV Get Science, Engineering and Technology program?
Where is the EECS department located?
What is the department name?
Who was Director of NERSC from 2008 to 2012?
What is the name of the award Shiekh Zia Uddin won?
Who won the ACM Doctoral Dissertation Award in 1998?
What is the name of the department?
What are indicators of academic stress?
How to see CS class enrollment updates?
Who are the 2026 Sloan Fellows?
What did Berkeley do to improve representation?
Who is receiving the Athena Lifetime Achievement Award?
Where did Brodersen start his EECS career?
How many ACM A.M. Turing Awards?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Where is the EECS Department located?
Who founded the Bioengineering department?
